[exhales]
Hi, Paula.
Oh, my God.
♪
[gunshot]
♪ When an irresistible force ♪
♪ Such as you ♪
♪ Meets an old
immovable object ♪
♪ Like me... ♪
[panting]:Okay.
Um, seriously, where
do I drop you off?
They're gonna check out
every place I've ever been
and talk to anyone
who knows me.
I'm staying with you
for a little bit.
What? No, I'll pay for a hotel.
A hotel?
I'll get recognized.
It's just gonna take a minute
for my people figure
out something.
It's fine.
♪ Something's got to give,
something's got to give ♪
♪ Something's got to give. ♪
It's not very big.
I just have it
when I work late
and I don't want
to leave the city.
Nice view.
So...
how long do you think
you're gonna need to stay here?
Until I get in
touch with my boss.
Hopefully, he'll have
a place for me soon.
So I'll probablywant you
to drop some things
off periodically.
Clothes, groceries,
a phone, you know.
Oh, and my guy Trevor,
he'll stop by
and bring me dinner and stuff.
Okay.
So, you can go.
♪
LESLEY:
Oh, my God.
What are you doing here?
Me? What are you...
Murphy, I can't
do this right now.
I can't hear your apology.
Just get out of my face.
I'm not here to apologize.
I-I'm trying to find Paula.
What the hell
is going on?
It's my apartment,Murphy.
I made that stupid deal
to save Felix,
and I couldn't find a legal way
to get her out.
And then she was gonna kill me,
and here I am.
Oh.
Well, I-I really need
to talk to her.
Why?
Well, I just do.
You're not wearing
that ankle monitor.
That bizarre mistrial...
You got a deal, didn't you?
So, what? Deliver Paula
in return for your freedom?
Oh, my God.Please let me talk to her.
Listen to me.Please?
Do not tell the cops
about this, okay?
Do not tell the cops about this.
I will go to jail
if she doesn't kill me first.
I know you don't care
about what happens to me,
but I do, okay? So please.
[whispering]:
Just go.
Go. Go.
Who was that?
Um, just a package.
Where is it?
What?
The package.
Oh, it was for my neighbor.
He has me sign for him
when he's not home.
Hmm.
See?
[exhales]
Where is he? He's
never this late.
I'm starving.
I don't know.[sighs]
I can grab you
some food if you want.
You can order me something.
What do you want?
A burrito's fine.
I also need you to stay with
me tonight. Maybe longer.
I'm sorry?
Something's up.What?
My boss doesn't like his
people drawing attention.
[chuckles]
Which I clearly did.
He hasn't answered any of
my texts since I've been here,
and now Trevor isn't, either.
I don't think I understand.
He's edging me out.Who is?
My boss.
I'm not-- I-I mean...
I don't think
I'm equipped to protect you.
Oh, I'm not asking you
to protect me, babe.
I just need you to scream first
so that I have time to escape.
[TV playing indistinctly]
Um, my phone's about to die.
I have to go to my car
to get the charger.
Charger?
I'm at three percent.
I need a charger
and yours doesn't work.
Mm-hmm. Hurry.
ANCHOR:
...be sure to call
the anonymous tip line
or your local police department
if they come across
any information at all
that you believe
could lead to the arrest...
[exhales]
I can't believe
you told her.
I didn't tell her,
she figured it out.
And yes, shockingly fast.
Let's just go.
No. We have to convince
her to work with us.
It's literally
our only option right now.
[door closes]
Oh, thank God.You need to leave.
Just hear us out
for a second?
No.
We can help you, Lesley.
Help me? You have
ruined my life
on a level
I can't fully comprehend.
You have destroyed my brother,
my relationship, everything.
And now you're gonna
get me killed, so just move.
Geez... Ow!
Oh, my God.You okay?
MURPHY: I guess.Look, look, look, look,
look, look, look.
I get that you have
issues with Murphy.
I don't blame you,
but you do need help.
I'm good.You're not good.
We can try to bring you in
on her deal.
[scoffs]Your other option
is we go to the cops
and tell them where Paula is,
and then you go to jail
for, like, forever.
Yeah, which I'm sure you'd love,
so you and Max can live
happily ever after.
We're not together. It's done.
Sure.Fine, don't believe me.
I don't.Okay.Can we focus on the situation?
You really want
Paula staying with you?
Can't imagine
that was your idea.
I can't.
If we go to the cops,
then I have to confess
with absolutely
zero guarantee of immunity.
We can get them
to agree beforehand.
Cops lie. She lies. No.
DARNELL:
Look, all we need
to do is find out
who Paula's boss is,
whoever's in charge of Bolt,
then everyone's good.
You guys are good. What I need
is her out of my apartment.
Which will happen.
Okay? We turn in Paula's boss,
they go down, Paula will flee.
No one ever has
to know she was here.
Trust me.
Has she mentioned anything
about who she's working for?
All she said is that her boss
isn't texting her back.
Okay, so get
her phone.
Get her phone
and we can get the contact.
It's not that easy.
She literally showers
with that thing.
Can you get it
while she's sleeping?
I don't know, Murphy. I don't...
I don't know what to do.
I'm honestly too terrified
to even go back up there.
She thinks her boss wants her
dead, and she wants to use me
as, like, a human
shield or something.
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Why does she
think her boss wants her dead?
Because her face is
plastered all over the news
and apparently he doesn't
like any attention,
now this dude Trevor
isn't responding
and she thinks that means
that they're "edging her out."
So that's why she thinks
someone is after her?
Because this Trevor guy
isn't texting her back?
Yeah.
Don't.
Come on.
Don't what?
Nothing.Don't what?
[sighs]Don't what?
Trevor's dead.
Great.
What else you want me to do?
Did you guys...No, of course not.
We didn't
do anything,
there was
a little accident, um...
Trevor... he slipped.
[exhales]And he fell and he...
and he, and he's no longer
with us.
You can't say anything
because we obviously
have leverage on you.
My point is
that Paula's paranoia
is based on nothing.
[sighs]Okay?
No one is coming after her.
Which means you're safe
to go back up there
and get her phone
while she's sleeping.
Just write down
the number of the boss.
We'll take care of the rest.
Please, Lesley.
Okay.
Cool.
MURPHY:Yeah.
Thanks.
We'll, uh, call you
first thing.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Your mom called me.
Oh, my God.
[exhales]
What is going on?
Nothing.
Dude.
Look.
[sighs]
I'm not an idiot.
I know you're back
doing what we used to.
No, you don't know
anything, Max, okay?
You arean
idiot. Just go.
What is going on?
Okay, this is
borderline stalking.
I literally can't
not be with you.
Okay? I-I had an out.
Like, an actual job, maybe even
a life, and I didn't want it.
I just love you
more than anything.
[exhales]
Murph.I don't know what to say.
Sorry. That sucks for you.
[soft chuckle]
Whatever.
Keep pushing me away.
[door closes]
♪
[exhales]
LESLEY:
I couldn't get it.
She sleeps with that thing
inches from her head.
There was no way.
Well, you know, you
probably could've gotten it
if you tiptoed.
Instead of that, you
know, lumber of yours.
What? I don't lumber.Yes, you do.
You walk with a
very heavy foot.
DARNELL:
Guys.
Stop. Okay? We need
to figure out how
we're gonna get that phone.I'm telling you,
she doesn't let it
out of her sight.
We're gonna have to pry it
out of her cold dead hands.
You are not killing her.
I'm not suggesting
that, you psycho.
[Lesley exhales]We need to get her
in, like, a...
like a death-like state.What?
Like, drug her?
Huh. Not a terrible plan.
How is that not
a terrible plan?
You have another one?
That is how.
Don't you have sleeping pills?
Yeah, but I have no idea
what the balance is
of giving her enough
that she passes out,
but not so much
that it kills her.
I'm not risking that
because I don't kill people.
Well, la-de-da.
Sleeping pills wouldn't
work anyway.
If she woke up...[Lesley sighs]
Some jackass
roofied me once.
What?Yeah.
It was fine. I mean, Jess--
she noticed and took me home,
but I don't remember anything.
And I was out
for, like, hours.
I mean, I guess
roofies are designed
for exactly
what we need--
knock someone out fast and have
them not remember what happened.
Right. So, we just need
to figure out
how to get our hands on some.
Why are you guys looking at me?
I don't have roofies.
Sorry. Excuse me for assuming
that the former drug dealer
might know how to get drugs.
Uh, you are also
a former drug dealer.
That's fair.
I actually might know how
we might be able to get them.
Back when I was
a public defender,
I helped this guy Jake get off
on date-rape charges.
[scoffs]I love how you were bragging
about not killing people.
He didn't do it.
[scoffs]Look.
He didn't deserve
to go to jail
because his friends
assaulted someone.
Okay.
Anyway,
I know the bar
where they got them.
Hopefully, this bartender
still works there,
and maybe we can buy some
off of him.
MURPHY: Weird thing
to hope for, but sure.
[knocks on doorframe]
[rock music plays quietly]
Josh, hi. [laughs]
Oh.Ooh, sorry.
Sorry.
[laughs]
Sorry. I was...
I was waving. I didn't...
Anyway, I forgot. Sorry.It's okay. It's okay.
Um...It happens.
Annoyingly often
these days.
Uh, please.
Um, hi.
Hi.
Uh, what do you have here?
Uh, it's just...
It's some stuff I compiled.
May I?Yeah, please.
Wow. This is...
Insane? Crazy?
Dead brother will do that
to you, I guess.No, no, no.
Honestly, I was gonna say
"impressive."
Really?Really.
I, um... I guess
it's good to know
that there's someone out there
who also wants
to see Murphy Mason go down
as badly as me.
Yeah, well, she's a horrible,
deranged murderer
who will lie, cheat, or kill
to avoid going to therapy, so...
Exactly my... Exactly.
And when she stands trial
a second time,
she'll be found guilty.
I'll make sure of it.
I'm just worried
she might flee in the meantime.
So, if we can get her on moving
your brother's body, then...
She'll go back to jail and
actually pay for what she did.
I don't get it. We know that
Ben died at the Linsmore,
and we know that Murphy
was there at the same time.
Like, how is that not enough?
Because there's no proof
that Ben was even there.
They broke all
the security cameras.
[indistinct chatter]
Not in the storage room.
Did Ben go in the storage room?
No.
Do you still have that footage?
I do, yeah.
Okay, I have pretty
good audio software.
Maybe I could-- I don't know--
maybe I could
try and enhance
the background audio,
see if we can hear anything
at the bar.
You really think
you could do that?Maybe.
I also have some things I want
to show you at my apartment.
My... my Murphy file isn't
as compact as yours.
So I don't...
Maybe you want
to swing by my flat tonight?
Yeah, tonight works.
Great.
[hard rock playing]
Hey, my man,
how you doing tonight?
I'm all right. Yourself?Good, good.
Um, I heard you could
hook me up with something.
You want another IPA?[laughs]
I'm talking about something
a little stronger
for a date I'm meeting later.
Sorry. Uh, who told you
to come here?
Uh, my boy.
My boy Jake.
I don't know a Jake.
What did you want from me?
Huh? Huh?
He clearly works
through word of mouth,
and I didn't have a name.
So you chose Jake?
You chose Jake? The guy who
got caught with roofies?
I panicked.
I didn't know what else to say.
Well... perfect.
[phone buzzing]Oh, my God.
Paula just texted me.
She wants me to come back.
She's freaking out
because Trevor still
hasn't responded to her.
Here, I got it. I got it.
What are you doing?
Pretending to be Trevor.
You just carry
around his phone?
Yeah. I'll just say, uh,
"They're making me do
late deliveries.
"Can't say 'no.'
You know how it is."
[text whooshes][sighs]
Did she say anything?
[phone buzzing]
"Trevor's being a little bitch.
Pick me up dinner."
[sighs]Well...
I guess we just go,
regroup tomorrow?
Okay.
I'll pay the tab.
Damn it.
Damn it, damn it,
damn it.
So, are you
and Max really done?
Yeah.
After all that?
[indistinct chatter]
Oh, my God.
What?That's...
Oh, my God!
Uh, Jake?
Jesus.
No, no, no. I think that's...
That's-that's...
That's the old guy.
There you go.
You're doing good.
What?Just get you in the car, and
get you home nice and safe.
Hey!Jake?!
DARNELL:
Let her go, man.We're good, dude. We're good.
She just had too much to...Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Darnell.
Damn it! [groans]
DARNELL:
Y'all good, let's see.
Yeah, we're out here
in the back. Yeah.
I'll wait
till you guys get here.
[sighs] Well, the cops
are on their way.
I, uh... I'll make sure
she's okay.All right.
Hey.
So you guys will
spike the tequila.
I'll pick up Paula's food, meet
you guys back there in a bit.
Okay.Okay.
MURPHY:Okay.Actually, wait.
What are you doing?
Making sure
this guy goes down.
For good this time.
And the cops need
to bust the bartender, too.
Yeah.You'll make sure?
I'll make sure.All right.
You okay? Here.
Put your arm around me.
Keep your head up.
You're all right.
You okay?
I'm great. I just...
helped that guy get off.
Believed every word
that came out of his mouth.
And because of me,
he's continued doing that
to girls for years.
It's not because of you.
He's just disgusting.
Seriously, men are the worst.
I... I love how we're
the emotional ones, you know,
but then, they're literally the
biggest babies on the planet.
I guarantee you
some girl cheated on that guy.
Or his mom didn't
hug him enough.
Yes, or he's a sociopath
with zero feelings.
Or he has feelings, he's just
too inept to deal with them.
Right, so then he-he...
he drugs and rapes girls
to get out his,
whatever, un...
just unsolved anger.
Why don't you just learn
how to cry, you loser?
I just still feel like such an
idiot for believing him, though.
Par for the
course, I guess.
[sniffles]
I am really sorry
about the whole Max thing.
I'm sorry.
Whatever. It's not like
we were friends anyway.
And you're not the one
who cheated on me. He did.
It's still not good.
Yeah, well,
it is what it is.
It's my fault, too.
I let the dude move in
with me after, like, a week.
Yeah, but I mean,
you are kind of a lesbian,
and I feel like
it makes sense.
[laughs]
Sorry.
He tried to get back
together with you, right?
After I found out?You really doing this?
That's a "yes."
[sighs]
Unbelievable.
And then, when
you rejected him,
he had the audacity to climb
back to into bed with me,
and was all like...
[sniffles]
"Baby, baby,
I'm-I'm so sorry."
[snorts]"I love you so much.
Like, come here."Okay.
Mm, the begging.
I-I can't. I...
He's so dramatic.I'm pretty sure,
at one point,
he got down
on his hands and knees.
No. No. Don't.Yes.
[laughs]Oh, shut up.
That's so embarrassing.
Um, I-I...
My car is here.
You, um...
Do you need help in?Uh, no. I'm good.
Okay.Okay, thanks.
Yeah, well, anyway,
it took everything in me
not to laugh
in his face.
[Lesley laughing]
[keyboard keys clicking]
[video playing indistinctly]
[indistinct conversation]
[knocking at door]
Hey.Hey. [gasps]
Oh, hi. Who's this?
That's Oliver.Who's this? Hi.
Ollie!Who's this?
Ollie, come on, mate.
Leave her alone.
Sorry. He knows
better than that.
It's fine.Yeah.
Um, please don't
judge the mess.
I used to have a very
organized filing system, but
it's become
really hard to read.
This is a lot bigger
than my folder.[laughs]
Uh, do you want a beer
or something?
Yeah, a beer
would be great.Sweet.
Uh, did you get anything
from that tape?
Uh, unfortunately no.
The, um, background audio
was too far away.
Ollie.Ugh. That sucks.
Yeah. I know.
Okay, Ollie, that's
a good boy. Go on.
Um, I was also combing through
some of the financial records
at Guiding Hope.
I mean, if
we can get her
on-on money laundering
or-or something, then...
I know it's not getting justice
for your brother's
death, but I-I...Listen.
All I want is for Murphy to be
behind bars, like, forever, so,
whatever way
we can get that done, so...All right.
I-I know it's not
traditional Friday fun,
but you want to help?
Not to brag, but I did get
an "A" in AP calculus.
[laughs] Well,
this isn't like calculus.
It's, I guess, more looking for
sketchy financial transactions.
Well, that's good,
'cause I actually don't remember
anything about calculus.
[laughs]Zero. Zero about calculus.
Nice. All right, cool.
Well, look through here,
and if you see the name...
I-I really needed to feed him,
so thank you for stopping here.
Sure. I needed a place
to do this anyway.
I told Paula
I was stuck at work,
so that should
buy us some time.
[Murphy clears throat]
Why did you reject him?[sniffles]
What?
Max.
Uh...
just wasn't feeling it.
Mm.
Because of all the CI stuff.
[sighs]
That explains why you're also
blowing off my brother.
I don't want anything bad
to happen to anyone, so...
[lighter clicking]
What's that smell?Little trick
I learned in high school
when I stole my dad's booze.
Just water it down
and remelt the wax.
He could never tell.
MURPHY [quietly]:
Good boy, buddy.
You're such a good boy.
Okay.
[Murphy murmurs]
Good boy.
You're such a good boy.
[phone buzzing]
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Text from Darnell.
Just got the food.
Heading over there.
You guys should leave, too.
See you in a bit.Let's go.
[car door closes]LESLEY:
Okay.
Here you go.
Here's a spare key
in case you don't hear from me.
And I'll leave your names
with the doorman.
We'll hear from you.
Okay.
Maybe, uh, just delete our texts
just to be safe.
What?
I-I'm just, I mean,
just being extra cautious.
It's like wearing a condom
when you're on your period.
You know, can't hurt.
[Lesley sighs]
Okay.
I'll text you
when she passes out.
Poker face.
[sighs]
[door opening]
[gasps]
Get in here.
Get in.
What took you so long?
I got tied up at work,
and the restaurant took forever.
Did anyone follow you here?No.
Did you see anyone outside?No.
Did you tell anyone
I was here?
Paula, come on. No.
Something isn't right.
I can feel it.
[sighs]
Trevor's the last person
I could trust,
and our boss is
keeping him from me.
I'm being pushed out.
I know how this works.
They want me gone.
Mm-hmm. Which means
that I broke out of prison
just so they could kill me.
Well, I'm not
gonna let them.
Well, maybe some food and
a drink would help you relax.
I got you some more tequila.
It's right there.Mm-hmm.
Thanks.
Hmm.
Oh, my God.
And what's this?[plates shatter]
[gasps softly]
Leave it.
[bottle sliding across table]
You put something in here?
What? No. I just...Mm.
Drink, then.
I, um...Here.
Drink.
Hmm.
Mm, that's nothing.
Have another.
[electricity buzzing]
Shouldn't we have
heard from her by now?
I don't know.
Probably. Maybe.
[sighs]
This is bad.
Come on. Hey, she's okay.
You don't know that.
I thought
there was nothing in there.
[panting]
I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Please.
You working with anybody?
No. I swear to God.
Yeah, well,
we'll find out.
Come on.
[clicks]
Mm-hmm.
Looks like
you've deleted some texts.
I have a hard time believing
you got zero today.
Huh?
[panting]:
Uh, please.
You know what's going
to happen to you now, right?
[sighs]
[laughing]
I'm begging.
Please, just...
Please.
♪ The sundown shinin' in ♪
♪ I found my mind Please.
♪ In a brown paper bag within ♪
Please.
♪ I tripped on a cloud
and fell-a eight miles high ♪
♪ I tore my mind
on a jagged sky ♪
♪ I just dropped in ♪
♪ To see what condition
my condition was in ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, oh, yeah. ♪
[Murphy sighs]
Something's very wrong.
Something is very,
very, very wrong.
It's okay, all right?
Let's just give it
a few more minutes.No.
She might not have
a few more minutes.
[phone buzzing]
Is that her?No, it's Trevor's phone.
Paula's calling him. [sighs]
I'll just, um, let it go to
voice mail, see what she says.
[panting]
Look, I don't care
if he's making you work.
You got to come.
Make up an excuse or something.
I need you to help me
with a little problem.
[sighs]Oh, my God.
What did she do?
We got to call
Gene and Sarah.
Well, it'll be too late,
Darnell!
Lesley's gonna
be dead by then.
Oh, um...If she's not dead already.
Oh, my God. We-we-we...
we have to go up there!
Now, just-- we
need to hang on.
We can't hang on!
We talked her into this,
and now Lesley's...
Hey. Hey.She's fighting for her life.
Hey, I got this, all right?
Don't worry.
Okay?
[panting]
All right, um...
[exhales loudly]
"You know I can't leave,
"but I'm sending
"the one guy I trust.
"He's another runner.
"He'll do
whatever you say.
He's close. Bye."
[sighs]
[phone buzzes]
What did she say?
[sighs]
"Good. Tell him
to bring a silencer."
So she's not dead yet.
She's not dead. [sighs heavily]
Thank you.
Yeah. I got this, okay?
All right.Go.
Yeah.
[quietly]:Come in.
Thanks for coming so quick.
Yeah, Trevor said
it was urgent.
Um... What's the problem?
PAULA: Yeah,
it's right this way.
She tried to poison me
or something.
You got the silencer?
Uh, Trev told me about that,
but I didn't have one on me,
figured time was of the essence.
I'll just strangle the bitch.Just wait.
I got you.
I'll take care of her elsewhere.
You don't want her
to wake up and scream.
Rich woman like this
is gonna draw heat.
You don't need any more
attention on you. Trust me.
He say something to you?
Well, he doesn't talk to me,
but between us, he's not happy.
I heard
he saw the news coverage.
Well, give me your phone.
You don't want this
to trace back to you.
I'll-I'll wipe it for you.
All right, I got it.
We got to find something
to hide her in.
[panting softly]
Are you sure she's okay?
Yeah. She will be.
[groans][groans softly]
She'll be okay
in a couple hours.
[panting]
You know.I can't believe
you actually got her out.
I told you I would.
Oh.
And I also got Paula's phone.
[beeping]
You're kidding.Nope. [laughs]
She only texted Trevor
and one other number.
It's got to be the boss.
If we can get him
to a meeting
where he incriminates himself,
they can arrest him.
[laughs]
But...
But Lesley said
Paula's boss isn't answering
any of her texts.
Yeah, 'cause look what
she's been texting.
"Do you have a place for me?"
"I need cash."
"Hello???" with
three questions marks.
So?So she's an idiot.
I know how these
people operate.
This is how you
get a response.
"Got two people
for you to meet.
They found a way back
into the prison."
Now we wait.
DARNELL:
You-you feeling okay?
LESLEY:
Yeah, I'm just cold.
We can, uh...
we can help you in.
No. Felix is here.
I saw him on the door cam.
Go before he sees you.
All right, well,
get some rest.
Yeah.
And thanks...
for, you know.[phone buzzes]
Yeah. Sure.
[gasps]
He wants to meet at 10:00.
LESLEY:
So that's it?
It's gonna be over?
I think so.
Let me know how it goes.
And you also have my car, so,
you're gonna have
to give it back at some point.
But it's so comfy.
[laughs softly]
We'll let you know
when it's done.
Okay.
Come on, Murphy,
let's go.
CHELSEA:
If I could add up the number
of stupid free drinks I have
given her over the years,
and, like, it was always...
Yeah, yeah,
go on, go on.Ready?
Yeah. [laughs]All right.
Oh, um, I-I lost my wallet.
[laughing]And, um, I don't...
I don't know when I'm gonna
be able to find it again.
That's pretty good.Because I can't
see anything, and I...
[laughing]
Oh. my God.What?
What? No.No.
No, no, no, no, no.No. Oh, my God. I'm so sorry.
No. Hey, hey, no, no, no, no.No.
Hey... no. No, no, no.That was so wrong. I'm sorry.
Do you know... do you know
how angry that makes me?
I'm sorry.No, at her, not at you.
At her.
You know, the fact she uses
her blindness to...
Yeah, it's horrendous.
To be fair, you know, I guess
you could have just stopped
giving her free drinks.
That's on you. No, no,
no, that's on you.
This is coming from a guy...[chuckles]
...who slept-slept with her.
Ooh!Multiple times!
Yes, oh, yes, that...But she...
That is fair enough.
Fair enough.Ugh.
You win. You win.
♪ Down the drain ♪
♪ Nostalgia knows me well ♪
♪ Nostalgia knows me so ♪
♪ So sentimental,
don't want to regret it, no ♪
♪ Nostalgia knows me so ♪
♪ But I'm not that kid anymore ♪
♪ Yeah, I'm not that kid, no.
What time is it?
[sighs]
20 past.
He's over
an hour late.
Why do you keep saying "he"?
Fine. Theyare late.[sighs]
Either way, it's not
gonna look good for us.
[sighs]
[camera shutter clicking]
I'm calling it.
They're not coming.
Why?
I don't know, but we should
get the hell out of here.
Come on.
[indistinct voices on TV]
[door creaks lightly]
[light rattle]
[indistinct voices continue]
[clicks]
What are you doing here?
You sent the cops?
How stupid do
you think we are?
The cops?
I-I don't know...
[TV plays quietly]
♪ Little girl, go home
♪ I hear the night winds sigh ♪
♪ Little girl, go home ♪
♪ Don't roam the same as I ♪
MAX:
Hey.
♪ You ran away... ♪
I needed to make sure that
you're okay. That-That's all.
I... I haven't slept.
I'm fine.
No, I-I don't believe you.
Okay.Okay. No, Murphy, just...
Please.Murphy, please,
just-just talk
to me, okay? Come on.
Murphy.Just go.
No.[sighs]
♪ Go home where you... ♪
Max.[sighs]
♪ Run to your true love ♪
Is that what
you really want?
♪ And tell him you were wrong ♪
♪ You reached for stars ♪ Ah♪
♪ Up in the skies ♪ Ah♪
♪ You never saw ♪ Ah♪
♪ Those within his eyes ♪ Ah, ah, ah♪
♪ Now all you have ♪ Ah, ah♪
♪ Your foolish whirl ♪ Ah, ah♪
♪ Fly to his arms that cry ♪
♪ "Little girl, go home!" ♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org